feat: add knip plugin folder structure (#669)
code-pushup/cli: packages/plugin-knip/README.md

# @code-pushup/knip-plugin

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/%40code-pushup%2Feslint-plugin.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@code-pushup/knip-plugin)
[![downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/%40code-pushup%2Feslint-plugin)](https://npmtrends.com/@code-pushup/knip-plugin)
[![dependencies](https://img.shields.io/librariesio/release/npm/%40code-pushup/knip-plugin)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@code-pushup/knip-plugin?activeTab=dependencies)

> 🕵️ **Code PushUp plugin for detecting dependency and code usage.** ✂️

Author: ```suggestion
🕵️ **Code PushUp plugin to detect dependency and code usage.** ✂️
```
